[Music]
hey what's up soul brother soul sisters
this is your man Jason with the power up
review today I'm gonna tell you how to
find the hairs to the Sun or the Sun bro
covenant first off you go fast travel to
the minds bonfire which is located in
harvest Valley it would be the second
bonfire that you would find once you
exit the bonfire you're gonna go to your
right and you're gonna find this
clearing with this watchtower from this
area you're gonna go ahead and follow
that another path to your right now
there are these two giant mongoloid guys
standing in the poison fog you don't
even have to worry about those guys cuz
they won't even attack you you do
however have to worry about this big
hammer bro right here so you want to
take care of him the entrance to the
Covenant is on a small path that's right
before the entrance to the earth and pee
so once you come to this room with all
the poisonous urns you want to make a
left and it's kind of a tight path so
make sure you stick to the right and
just kind of hug the wall of the
mountain there now once you get there's
a little clearing that's gonna be ahead
once you get there there's gonna be one
of these big double scythe wielding
dudes he's kind of tough so pretty much
what I do is I just kind of spam him
with wet lightning Spears and so he's
kind of tough so you can either kind of
fight him in this little hallway or what
you can do is run past them to the left
and then just a fight them in the room
that you joined the Covenant in which
might be a good idea because it's a it's
a decent sized area
right here I'm gonna spam up with some
lightning Spears until this guy dies as
you know the hair is the Sun you know
they're descendants of the Sun bro so
it's mainly a co-op based covenant I've
been playing as it for the past two days
and it's been really cool it's been
really easy to get some co-op going and
you shine like a bright yellow now the
thing is with the with any covenant when
somebody summons you you do have a
limited amount of time so you kind of
want to make sure that you don't
dilly-dally and help them find whatever
they need to find defeat whoever they
needed the feet and do the boss so you
can get your Sun medals now ten sunlight
medals get you the sunlight shield
twenty gives you the sunlight blade and
thirty gives you the sunlight spear so
as you can see here it's the shrine
looks kind of familiar but actually we
get to see the Sun God's face but you
can looks like Chuck Norris so you go
ahead and kneel enter the Covenant
you'll get a sunlight Covenant ring
which slightly boosts your miracles it's
a pretty good ring and I use it all the
time especially if I'm throwing my
sunlight Spears so it's definitely worth
it
so this is Jason with the power of
review and take it easy guys